Proj0401: Only publish executables (#111)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj0401.md

---
parent: Publishing
ancestor: Rules
---

# Proj0401: Only publish executables
With executing `dotnet publish` the application and its dependencies to a
folder for deployment to a hosting system. Executing `dotnet publish` on a

> project with an other output type then `exe` or `winexe`. As a result this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project with another output type then `exe` or `winexe`. As a result this
```
